everyone ok so I just thought I'd do
another of it of his day for you guys
because you guys seem to like my last
one so it's a super rainy day today like
really rainy and gray and cold and seems
like summer's over which is really bad
but some upfit today is a little bit
more warmer I guess so I guess I'll just
start off with accessories for my
earrings I'm just wearing these like
diamond studs and from my brain I'm just
wearing this big silver ring it has
detailing on it and my boyfriend cost
that's my golf ball ring so wearing my
golf ball ring today and for many OHS
I'm wearing Celtics done by China Glaze
except she's so funny because these are
really brightest you could probably tell
in the camera but in real life they even
look brighter well actually probably not
I don't know I went tanning the other
day and in the actual like tanning bed
they were glowing like crazy I was like
weird I've never seen my nails glow so
much though yeah
Celtic Sun by China Glaze um I think
that's it for accessories oh and then my
hair is just the good side and messy bun
like I said it's raining side to Marlys
straighten or spend too much time on my
hair so I just kind of threw it in the
side messy bun alright so onto my outfit
I'm wearing this really baggy gray shirt
I got it from me sirens and it's really
like it's like tight at the sleeves on
both sides and then just really flowy
like really flowy and this is actually
in the small size that they had and it's
still really big so I like it though
it's really like Sochi really
comfortable perfect for a Sunday so oh
i'm underneath i just have like a black
cami and then for my pants I'm wearing
these on they're not jeggings but
they're more like leggings but they look
like Dunham
look there she looks surprised
they actually really look like jeans but
the Lighting's so I'm obsessed with
these they're so comfortable and I can't
remember where I got them I got them a
while ago I just recently started
wearing them again so sorry about that
okay so for my shoes I'm wearing these
heels I got them at Costa Blanca a
couple months ago I'm not sure um they
yeah they're really cute they're like
it's like a charcoal gray colored they
have lace all in the front and they have
a heel and they're not the most
comfortable pair of shoes by the village
really cute with my outfit I'll probably
end up bringing look another pair of
shoes can you hear the rain it's like
really raining really hard right now
there's the window right behind you guys
and it's raining a lot so how many think
that's could hear it so the bank that
I'm gonna be wearing today is this big
guest one I got this a couple years ago
also you know like three four years ago
I'm not sure maybe like three years ago
and yeah it's really cute still love it
so I still wear it I don't care if it's
three years old um yeah it's like a
cream color with like silver and it's
really cute so this is what my entire
outfit looks like you can wear it up
here too because it does like if it
hasn't long enough like arm strap but I
like it down here I love wearing my
purses like in the crease of my arm I
just think it looks so cute so if you
guys enjoyed this outfit okay let me
know in the comment also everything I'm
wearing it's gonna be in the description
box just you guys kind of know where
everything is from so if you guys want
to see more then let me know and I will
talk to guys later bye hi honey
she's like leave me alone she is my baby